Rework User-Guide and Documentation (#1355)
viperproject/prusti: docs/user-guide/src/tour/counterexamples.md

# Counterexamples

> Let's take the summation function from the last chapter, which adds up all the numbers from 1 to `x`. Let's suppose we forgot to add the non-negative postcondition for `x`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take the summation function from the last chapter, which adds up all the numbers from 1 to `x`. Let's suppose we forgot to add the non-negativity precondition for `x`:
```
